[DOCS] DOC-648: Update About GX Cloud to reflect GX Agent running in deployment environment (#9327)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/cloud/try_gx_cloud.md

- You have a [Docker instance](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/).

> ## Self-hosted deployment pattern

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Self-hosted deployment
```

> To try GX Cloud, you will use a [self-hosted deployment pattern](./about_gx#self-hosted-deployment-pattern) to run the GX Agent locally via Docker, connect the GX Agent to your target data stores, and use the GX Cloud web UI to define your Data Assets and validate your data. This architecture is suited for an exploratory use case and differs from the recommended production setup, in which the GX Agent [runs in your organization's deployment environment](./about_gx.md#org-hosted-deployment-pattern).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To try GX Cloud, you use a [self-hosted deployment](./about_gx#self-hosted-deployment-pattern) to run the GX Agent with Docker, connect the GX Agent to your target Data Sources, and use the GX Cloud web UI to define your Data Assets, create Expectations, and run Validations. A self-hosted deployment is recommended when you want to test GX cloud features and functionality and it differs from the recommended [org-hosted deployment](./about_gx.md#org-hosted-deployment-pattern), in which the GX Agent runs in your organization's deployment environment.
```

- You have a [Docker instance](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/).

> ## Exploratory deployment pattern

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Test deployment pattern
```
I'm trying to find a simpler word than _exploratory_.  I am open to suggestions!

> To try GX Cloud, you will run the GX Agent locally via Docker, connect the GX Agent to your target Snowflake data stores, and use the GX Cloud web UI to define your Data Assets and validate your data. This architecture is suited for an exploratory use case and differs from the recommended production setup, in which the GX Agent [runs in your organization's deployment environment](./about_gx#gx-cloud-architecture).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To try GX Cloud features and functionality, you run the GX Agent locally with Docker, connect the GX Agent to your target Snowflake Data Assets, and use the GX Cloud web UI to create Expectations and validate your data. This architecture is suited for test use cases and differs from the recommended deployment setup, in which the GX Agent [runs in your organization's deployment environment](./about_gx#gx-cloud-architecture).
```

From the [Google developer documentation style guide](https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#letter-v) (our primary style resource): 

![image](https://github.com/great-expectations/great_expectations/assets/104205257/2378d6e2-202d-4b4a-91b5-5d4d33ff1724)

This text is great, by the way.
